Dear students,

 

(ENG) With this email we would like to guide you on how to request Enrollment letter, Forma-10 for Military Enlistment Office and Transcript from university.

To request one of abovementioned documents, student needs to request in advance to Student Records team- records@ada.edu.az.

If your email is an enrollment verification letter request (arayış) for visa, education verification purposes (including Forma 10 for Military Registration and Enlistment Office), make sure that your request email is written in accordance with the guidelines under “Request Enrollment Verification”(click here). or MyADA, Discover More, How Do I?, Students, Enrollment Verification Letter. Otherwise, your email will be disregarded.

Note 1: Enrollment verification request e-mails are not replied. Meaning that students are not notified by email that their letter are ready.

Note 2: You must submit your request no later than the midnight the day before the delivery day. The requests sent later than the indicated time will be processed for the next delivery day. Requests with incomplete information provided will be disregarded. All enrollment letters are distributed on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 3 pm to 5pm at the A 144. For example, if the student submits his/her letter request email on Monday, then his/her letter delivery day will be Wednesday, not Monday.

Note 3: All letters are placed on the table once they become ready. They are collected on self-pickup basis meaning that even if there is no one in the office (A144) student can find and pick his/her document among enrollment letters or forma-10s.

If you are requesting an Official transcript, you should go to MyADA and follow the below instructions:

Click Student tab
Click Student Records
Click Request Official Transcript
Fill out all the necessary fields marked with an asterisk (*)
Follow the steps for online payment
Submit. Different from enrollment letters, you will receive an email by the system once your transcript is ready to be collected.
 

 

Regards,

 

Office of Admissions and Student Records

 

ADA University

AhmadbayAghaoghlu str. 61

Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1008

E-mail: records@ada.edu.az

Web:    www.ada.edu.az

 