Dear Students,   

You have already started a new semester and it is an exciting time, filled with lots of opportunities for learning, self-growth and development. It doesn’t matter whether you are a first-year student or senior student, the beginning of a new semester is the time you need to set yourself up for success, to create a new, better you! But as a student, you already have a lot on your plate: new social relationships, new classes, new instructors, new assignments, etc. that can serve as potential stressors and keep you from achieving your goals. And this is the right time for you to look at the things that would help you to respond to the stressors in a healthy way and succeed in semesters to come. Regardless of old or newly found sources of stress and anxiety, a new semester should be approached in the following ways: 

Get organized and create a time management strategy.  
Focus on the things you have control over (e.g. your learning not just grades). 
Prioritize self-care, reward and appreciate yourself.  
Explore your strengths and use them when facing difficulties. 
Make time for sleep and get quality sleep. 
Get some physical exercise.  
Connect with classmates, friends, make new friendships. 
Create a balance between education and life. 
Accept the things/people you can’t change. 
Avoid unnecessary stress. 
Set clear and reasonable expectations and standards for yourself. 
Take an action to complete the things you need/have to do, do not wait for motivation to be there. Motivation follows action! 
Ask for help if it is needed.  
Seeking help is the first step towards helping yourself and staying well. However, it can be hard to know where to turn to for help. Student Academic Support Service offers the following mental health services you can turn to for help: 

Self-help resources for students on Blackboard - Student Academic Support Service – Student Mental Health; 
Psychoeducational workshops for students; 
Individual and group psychotherapy sessions. 
Please email us at StudentSuccess@ada.edu.az to get more information and help.  

Take care of your mental health! 

Turana Aliyeva
Assistant Professor of Psychology, Social Sciences
School of Education

ADA University
Ahmadbey Aghaoghlu str. 61
Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1008

Tel:      (+994 12) 437 3235 ext. 297
Fax:     (+994 12) 437 3236
E-mail: taliyeva@ada.edu.az
Web:    www.ada.edu.az