Dear Students,

I am sharing with you the form which you need to use to sign in for the groups: CRN 10500.docx.

Please note that the ideal team composition is 2 students (given the nature of the assignment), but in some exceptional circumstances I can allow for three students in a group. In this case you will have to provide me with the solid justification, why for this specific group project or topic you need three group members and not two.

When it comes to the topics which you can cover in your presentations, I have prepared the list of 10 topics, but the list of not exhaustive and you may come up with your own idea. The principle requirement is that your topics should be related to the course in general or its specific lecture. Your presentations need to be analytical, not just provide a summary of the readings. This means that at the beginning of your presentation you need to present some type of argument or claim and then provide substantive analysis of a topic. For ex. you can compare pros and cons for certain policy interventions or consider how our reading(s) are related to the events/accidents/cases happening nowadays. 

Here is the list of the topics. Each of these topics can be chosen maximum two times (maximum two groups can work on the same topic). If you are not happy with this list and want to propose something different please email me. Once you agree on your topic you will need to include it to the group registration form shared above (there is a special box under the group #).

Quotas for women: pros and cons
Paternity leave: pros and cons
Transgender athletes in sports: fairness and inclusivity debate
#Metoo Movement: whose shame?
Is the book "The Second Sex" by Simone de Beauvoir still relevant today?
Judith Butler: performativity of gender
K-pop and alternative masculinity
Great chain of human beings: historical perspective on race and gender
Sexism in video games
Ecofeminism: gender and the environment
Please let me know if any questions.

Best wishes! 