Dear Ken:

Next April 25-27, 2001, Houston will host the 24th conference of the
International Association for Energy Economics, in combination with the
annual meeting of our U.S. Association for Energy Economics affiliate. We
invite you to serve as our opening keynote speaker at the kick off luncheon
on Wednesday, April 25 to help set the tone, goals and objectives for this
event.

Our theme is "2001: An Energy Odyssey." We are using the conference to
showcase the role of economics in developing markets for energy, and to
deal with issues that impede, or facilitate, market development as well as
enterprise strategy and metamorphosis. We can think of no one better to
clearly define these major themes and priorities than you.

I was a speaker and delegate at the World Forum on Energy Regulation in
Montreal last May, and greatly enjoyed your luncheon keynote (and hope that
the regulators and policy makers attending the Forum took your key points t=
o
heart). The thoughts you offered -- on the importance of standards, the
opportunities to build network platforms and Enron's own experience, are of
vital importance to IAEE/USAEE members. We would ask you to include
comments on the fundamental importance of economic principles in both
guiding market development and the efforts of those of us who operate in
markets on behalf of enterprises.

The IAEE remains the largest worldwide combination of industry, business an=
d
university interests engaged in energy development and policy. To bring yo=
u
up-to-date on the association, our Web site is www.iaee.org. I'm sure
Rosilea will have someone on her staff pull the relevant materials together
for you. I have also included the call for papers for the Houston conferenc=
e
(at the end of this mail) which lines out the major sessions and topics. In
addition to our invitation to you, we are inviting Mark Moody-Stuart of
RD/Shell for the April 26 keynote luncheon to address environmental issues
and Rilwanu Lukman, Secretary General of OPEC (and a member of IAEE), in a
joint session with the Board of Directors of the Offshore Technology
Conference on Friday, to cover worldwide outlooks for oil and gas.

Finally, as you know, Enron Corp. for some time has been a corporate
sponsor of our UH Energy Institute and the previous Natural Gas Project,
which you helped to found. Thus, we also are relying on Rob Bradley to hel=
p
identify and implement the major environmental themes for the plenary
session, "Sustaining Development" (yes, we indeed are trying to turn
thinking around with our re-phrasing).

I hope to hear from Rosilea soon on your interest and availability. We
look forward to having you with us next April!

Michelle

Michelle Michot Foss, Ph.D.
Director, Energy Institute

General Chairman, IAEE/USAEE 24th Conference and
President Elect, USAEE

College of Business Administration
University of Houston
Houston, TX 77204-6283 USA
Tel. 713-743-4634
Fax 713-743-4881
www.uh.edu/energyinstitute