Dear Rosalee,

I would again like to thank Mr Lay for agreeing to take part in both
our IEA ministerial session and in the OECD Forum 2001 - Sustainable
Development and the New Economy. As discussed, he is to chair the first of
two energy panels at the FORUM; his is titled "Fuelling Sustainable
Development". On his panel will be Mr Kurt Yeager of EPRI (speaking on
hydrocarbon issues), Mr Luis Echavarri, the head of the OECD's Nuclear
Energy Agency (speaking on nuclear power), and Danish Minister of Energy and
Environment, Svend Auken (speaking on renewables and energy efficiency).
The panel is scheduled to take place starting at 3pm at the Cit, des
Sciences et de l'Industrie, in La Villete, in northern Paris.

As I believe I noted in our previous e-mail communications, while the IEA is
responsible for organising our ministerial session and the substantive
issues related to the energy panels on the FORUM, the OECD is doing the
FORUM logistics. They have therefore asked that I forward to all speakers
the following note (see below). It asks that Mr Lay provide a number of
logistical inputs, including a biography and photo, as well as information
on any remarks he might choose to make. I note that as the chair of the
first energy panel, he may not wish to make a formal presentation -- but
time does permit this if he wishes, and the decision is at his discretion.
I would appreciate being a cc on any material you send to the OECD so we can
keep our files current.

On our own side, the IEA concluded its Governing Board Meeting last Friday,
and finally approved the ministerial session agenda and arrangements. While
Mr Priddle will be sending out a formal invitation and set of background
documents to Mr Lay this week, I wanted to give you a heads up and find out
if you had any "last-minute" questions which I might help answer.

In addition, I note that your last e-mail indicated Mrs Lay will be in Paris
during our session. Some of our ministerial representatives are also
planning to bring spouses (in particular US Energy Secretary Abraham, who is
coming with his wife) -- do you think Mrs Lay might wish to participate in
any events during this period with any of these others? If you let us know,
we would be happy to make arrangements.

Also, please let us know if others will be travelling with Mr Lay, and if we
might facilitate their logistics.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Best wishes,

Jonathan Pershing

________________________
Jonathan C. Pershing, PhD.
Head, Energy and Environment Division
International Energy Agency
75739 PARIS Cedex 15
FRANCE
Tel: (33-1)40 57 67 20
Fax: (33-1)40 57 67 39
e-mail: jonathan.pershing@iea.org