An image
IDD Weekly Update

Dear All,

The Institute for Development and Diplomacy (IDD) at ADA University is to share its weekly update on events, research, and publications.

 

Research and Publications:

 

We have published an IDD Analytical Policy Brief this week, titled "The New Azerbaijan-Iran Transit Route. Implications for the Interconnectivity of the South Caucasus" by Ms. Aybaniz Ismayilova, Head of Communications Department at the Azerbaijan Railways (ADY).

 

We also published two roundtable discussion summaries and analyses. The first one is titled "Women’s Leadership and Gender. (In)Equality in Academia in Azerbaijan" by Ms. Inara Yagubova, a Senior Research Fellow at IDD and an adjunct faculty at ADA University. She is the former Project Manager of the EU Centre of Excellence at ADA University, where she coordinated the flagship GCRF COMPASS project led jointly by the University of Kent and the University of Cambridge.

The second one is titled "The Role of Women in Food Security" by Ms. Nazrin Baghirova, a research fellow at IDD and a lecturer at ADA University. She is a former Adviser for Strategic Planning and Innovations to the Rector of Azerbaijan State Agricultural University, Chief Policy Adviser to the Ministry of Education of Azerbaijan, and Head of Unit in the Department for Education and Training Policy of the Ministry of Agriculture of Azerbaijan.

Executive Education:

From Mexico to Pakistan, we brought together 27 diplomats and academicians from 23 countries. An amazing learning journey has finished for the participants of the Caspian Basin Studies Program (CBS). Within the Program, high-ranking government officials, ADA University faculty, IDD Board of Trustees and staff members, as well as representatives of think tanks delivered presentations on relevant topics. The participants also visited the liberated Karabagh region of Azerbaijan.



In the frame of the Caspian Basin Studies Program, the participants of the program met with Mr. Hikmat Hajiyev, Assistant to the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan and Head of the Department of Foreign Policy Affairs of the Presidential Administration. Mr. Hajiyev talked about the changes in the post-conflict period in the Caspian region and answered various questions from participants. 

Bilateral Meetings:

IDD's Director Dr. Fariz Ismailzade and IDD Director for Policy Research and Analysis Prof. Damjan Krnjević met with Dr. Daria Isachenko, Associate at the Center for Applied Turkey Studies at the German Insitute for International and Security Affairs to discuss areas for potential collaboration.



Dr. Fariz Ismailzade also met with the Minister of State of the United Kingdom for Europe and North America Leo Docherty in the past week.



We also held a meeting with the Ambassador of the Republic of Moldova to the Republic of Azerbaijan, Alexander Esaulenko.

Forums:
The next event of the World Forum on Small and Medium Enterprises was held together with IDD at ADA University. Officials, professors, teachers, students of various higher education institutions, and entrepreneurs took part in the event organized by the Institute for Development and Diplomacy of ADA University, supported by the Small and Medium Business Development Agency and the International Council for Small Business.
 
IDD Talks:

 

#IDDTalks to Ms. Kamola Safayeva, Researcher at the University of World Economy and Diplomacy, Uzbekistan, and participant of the Caspian Basin Studies Program: Uzbekistan indicates it’s growing interest in the Middle Corridor. 
#IDDTalks to Mr. Dimitar Ivanov, Senior Expert at the Bulgarian Diplomatic Institute, and participant of the Caspian Basin Studies Program: Azerbaijani gas covers one-third of consumption in Bulgaria
 

Hope you find it interesting and useful.

To attend our upcoming events and stay updated about our current and future programs and projects, please follow us on social media, linked below.

Thank you for your support and collaboration with us.



Sincerely,

IDD Team

 

 

Learn more about IDD


 